Release 0.14 changelog + docs (#1636)
LiberTEM/LiberTEM: docs/source/changelog.rst

discrete derivatives where the result at the boundaries of the processed
data is undefined.

This release also increases the minimum supported Python version to
3.9 in line with a range of other projects. Older versions of LiberTEM
remain available in sitations where Python cannot be upgraded.

Many thanks to everyone who has contributed to this release!

Features
--------

- Add a system for UDFs to be aware of which parts of a
  dataset have already been processed during merging and
  post-processing, and mark parts of results as invalid.
  Documentation for this feature is found `here <https://libertem.github.io/LiberTEM/udf/advanced.html#valid-data-masking>`_.
  (:issue:`1449` :pr:`1593`).
- Add a new snooze function to :code:`libertem-server`; the argument
  :code:`--snooze-timeout` will free resources after a duration of inactivity
  which is especially useful when deploying LiberTEM as a service on a
  multi-user system. (:issue:`1570`, :pr:`1572`).
- In :class:`~libertem.udf.com.CoMUDF`, added `field_y` and `field_x` to results, 
  which are slices of their respective components in the `field` result (:pr:`1608`).

Bugfixes
--------

> - Fix loading of malformed EMPAD data. In some data sets, the actual raw
>   data acquired corresponds to the :code:`mode="search"` scan parameters,
>   and not :code:`mode="acquire"`. This is probably a bug in the acquisition
>   software, but we want to be able to load these files anyways (:issue:`1617`, :pr:`1620`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix loading of EMPAD data acquired in "search" mode. In some data sets, the actual raw
  data acquired corresponds to the :code:`mode="search"` scan parameters,
  and not :code:`mode="acquire"`. The correct mode can be determined by comparing the file size and file name (:issue:`1617`, :pr:`1620`).
```
